Let's move this--this little 'for' loop into a shell script and see what we can do with it. And I think
we're going to try to rename these files to make the IMG characters all lowercase, just as a good example.
So let's make a lowercase.sh.   "i" for Insert.
#!/bin/bash
This--yeah--renames files to all lowercase
'for f in ./*; do'
And then let's just do and 'echo' statement, to make sure we got this right.
Let's run it--./lowercase.sh
Yep, OK.  But let's add an 'if' statement only do those IMG files in there.
So let's do
'if [[ -f $f ]]' So if $f is a file, 'then'
So our 'deer' directory was in there, so we didn't show that, so that's good; but still we only
want the images. So we can actually just do that.
And there's all our images.
Right.
So before you can actually learn how to start renaming these files to all lowercase, I have to teach
you about the pipe character that looks just like this.